---
title: 4月10日听说考试参考答案
date: 2021-04-10 20:06:16
tags: E听说参考答案
---

### 听选信息

#### 1.

They are going to play basketball.
The speakers are going to play basketball.
They will play basketball.

#### 2.

They will meet at 4:00 p.m.
They are going to meet at 4：00 p.m.
They will meet at four o'clock this afternoon.

#### 3.

He went to HongKong.
The man visited HongKong.
The man went to HongKong.

#### 4.

He visited museums.
The man visited museums.
The man visited museums there.

#### 5.

He has had a cold.
He has caught a cold.
Jason has caught a terrible cold.

#### 6.

His mother took him to the hospital.
Jason' s mother took him to the hospital yesterday.
His mom took him to the hospital.

### 回答问题

#### 7.

He was born in the United States.
Ricky was born in the United States.
He was born in America.

#### 8.

Yes, he did.
Yes, he worked hard.
Yes, Ricky worked hard when he joined a boy band.

#### 9.

He has created 80 pieces of music.
Ricky has created 80 pieces of music.
He' s created eighty pieces of music.

#### 10.

He wants to sing songs forever.
He said he wants to sing songs forever.
He said to the newspaper that he wants to sing songs forever.

### 短文复述

#### 叙述要点

1. Tom tells about his plan for the summer holiday.
2. First of all, he will do his homework.
3. Besides, he will do exercise in the park.
4. Thirdly, he will help his parents do the housework.
5. Lastly, he will go to America.
6. He is excited about the trip.

#### 参考答案

Tom tells us about his plan for the summer holiday. First of all, he will do
his homework. Besides, he will do exercise in the park. Thirdly, he will help
his parents do the housework. Finally, he will go to America next month. He
is very excited about the trip.

Tom tells us about his summer holiday plan. First of all, he is going to do
his homework. Secondly, he is going to do exercise in the park every day.
Thirdly, he is going to help his parents do the housework. Lastly, he is going
to go to America. He is really excited about the trip.

Tom tells about his plan for the summer holiday. First of all, he will do
homework. Besides, he plans to do exercise in the park. Thirdly, he plans to
help his parents do the housework. Lastly, he will go to America next
month. He feels excited about this trip.

### 提问

#### 1.

Who do you do exercise with?
Who do you take exercise together with?

#### 2.



How will you go to America?
In what way will you go to America?
How are you going to America?