---
title: 4月10日听说考试录音原文
tags: E听说录音原文
date: 2021-04-10 17:03:48
---



### 模仿朗读

<p>Many people choose to live in the countryside. Why do they choose to do so? Firstly, the air there is fresher. It is good for their health. Secondly, the Internet can do a lot of help. It makes it convenient to live in the countryside. </p>



### 听选信息

<p>W: Mike, do you want to play basketball this afternoon?</br>M: Good idea. I will bring my new basketball along.</br>W: Great. How about meeting you at four p.m.?</br>M: No problem.<p>



<p>W: John, have you just come back from Hong Kong?</br>M: Yes. I came back to Beijing yesterday.</br>W: What did you do there?</br>M: I visited some great museums. </br>W: Sounds good. I hope one day I can visit there too.<p>



<p>W: Jason, you don't look well. What's the matter?</br>M: Well, I've caught a terrible cold since yesterday. </br>W: I'm sorry to hear that. Did you go to the hospital?</br>M: Yes, my mother asked for a day off and took me to see the doctor. </br>W: I hope you will feel better soon.</br>M: Thank you, Mrs. White.<p>

### 回答问题

<p>Ricky is a singer. He was born in the United States, in 1971. As a child, he sang songs on some TV shows. At the age of twelve, he joined a boy band. He worked hard with the other boys and became famous soon. He has created eighty pieces of music. And he once said to the newspaper that he wants to sing songs forever.<p>

### 短文复述

<p>My name is Tom. I want to tell you about my plan for the summer holiday. Firstly, I will do my homework. Besides, I will do exercise in the park every day. Thirdly, I will also help my parents with the housework. Finally, we will go to America next month. I'm really excited about this trip.<p>

