---
title: （精）模拟试题2录音原文
tags: E听说录音原文
date: 2021-04-05 20:53:32
---

### 模仿朗读

<p>More and more people are using mobile phones to pay in our daily life. This is called "mobile payment". But why is it becoming more and more popular? It's because they're safe, fast, and convenient. With these advantages, the number of mobile payment users will continue to increase.</p>

### 听选信息

<p>W: Tom, it's sunny today. Why not have a picnic together?</br>M: Good idea. What time shall we start?</br>W: At 4 p.m. Don't forget to bring some sandwiches.</br>M: All right!<p>
<p>M: I am going to Beijing this summer holiday with my family.</br>W: Wow, that sounds great. How long will you stay there?</br>M: We will stay there for five days.</br>W: Will you go to Beijing by train?</br>M: No, it takes too much time. We will go there by plane.<p>
<p>M: Tom isn't at school today. Where is he?</br>Wp: He is at home. He has to stay in bed for two days.</br>M: Why? Is he ill?</br>W: No, but he hurt his leg yesterday afternoon.</br>M: Why not go to see him after school?</br>W: All right!<p>

### 回答问题

<p>There is a library in our school. It is open from 9:00<nine> a.m. to 6:00<six> p.m. on weekdays. There are many books, maps and computers. The books are on the second floor. You can read them in the reading room or check them out. Everyone can borrow two books at a time. You can keep the books for three weeks. Don't forget to return them in time.<p>

### 短文复述


<p>My name is Mary. I am studying in a junior high school. I like painting very much, so I have joined the school painting club. We practise painting every Monday and Thursday afternoon. Every three months, we have a painting show. At the show, teachers and students will come together to enjoy the beautiful paintings.<p>





