---
title: （精）模拟试题1录音原文
tags: E听说录音原文
date: 2021-04-05 20:45:49
---

### 模仿朗读

Batteries are a great invention. They are often used in our daily life. But what can we do with used batteries? Many people throw away used batteries. It is bad because they will pollute the environment. We should deal with used batteries more carefully.



### 听选信息

<p>Batteries are a great invention. They are often used in our daily life. But what can we do with used batteries? Many people throw away used batteries. It is bad because they will pollute the environment. We should deal with used batteries more carefully. </p>
<p>W: Jim, let's go to the library this afternoon, shall we?</br>M: Good idea. I want to borrow some books.</br>W: Shall we meet at 2:00?</br>M: Yes. See you.<p>

<p>W: The weather is great today.</br>M: Yes. I'm going to the lake with my family this afternoon.</br>W: What will you do there?</br>M: I want to go fishing there. Would you like to join me?</br>W: Sure. I'll bring some food. It will be fun.<p>

<p>W: Good morning. How much is the ticket for the museum?</br>M: It's 15 <span class="italic">yuan</span> for each person.</br>W: Oh, good. When will the museum close?</br>M: It will close at 6. </br>W: OK. I'd like to buy four tickets for the museum, please.</br>M: Here you are.<p>

### 回答问题
<p>Pandas are black and white bears. They usually live in the central area of China. They mainly eat bamboo, but sometimes they also eat small animals. Every day, pandas eat for up to 12 hours. Giant pandas can grow up to 1.5 meters. But baby pandas are born pink and are about 15 centimetres. That's about the size of a pencil.<p>

### 短文复述
<p>My name is Tom. I'm fifteen years old. I am a middle school student. Of all the subjects, I like English and history best. We have some rules at school. For example, we mustn't keep long hair or wear strange clothes. We have many activities after school. My favourite activity is playing football with my friends.<p>







